My old man, what kind of foreign primary school is he running?
How could you and my grandfather die?
Aren't you all good and standing in front of me now?
Please let Guan Nei, when the wind blows over the snow,
The source of water is crying and it is a big disaster.
All around, rich people cry and cry,
Selling dance music, choosing dances is impure,
Bone Hidden Master, Chen Xue,
Tell me, don't you really know?
Yes, yes, it is necessary to give land,
Chen Xue, do you know?
Senior brother, it seems Liu Banxia,
I've already looked for him. Until now,
We have nothing to hide, so take it off again. you die
Chen Xuan, this boy
in his hand
You may not survive, grandpa
What on earth are you talking about? Election
I said before you
Is there anything I can do in the village?
disappeared for many years
Do you know the reason?
This guy takes care of everything
He has killed people
Watch out for him that day
The wind and mountains will kill you
Is it because
He killed someone and I was wrong
Everyone knows you are great
Do you know
Who did he kill?